# ASP_Demo
Demonstration ASP Ticketing System

Set up a database in SQLserver using the provided SQL script before attempting to run the web application

This is a program similar to those used by service centers to manage problem resolution. 
The first option is to create a service event, also known as a ticket. To do so, select service event.
The client list is populated by a database. After selecting the client calling in with the issue, the technician enters the name of the person who called the problem in and their contact number, then they click submit. 
This opens a problem entry page. The technician selects the product the client is having a problem with, then describes the problem in the text box. Then, they select their name and click submit to create a ticket. Tickets are submitted to the database.
After the ticket is submitted, if there are multiple issues being reported on the same call, the technician can enter a new problem description and new product, creating multiple incident numbers for the same ticket. Once done entering all problems from the call, the technician can click return. 
When a technician resolves a ticket, on the main menu, they select problem resolution to close the ticket. 
Presented with a list of tickets populated by the database, the tech selects one. On the next screen, they enter how the problem was resolved, who resolved it, how many hours it took, and other information related to possible expenses. Then, they click submit. If there are multiple resolutions to the same incident, they can continue submitting resolutions. Once done, they select return. This updates the ticket to resolved in the database
The next butotn on the main menu is Reports. When selected, it offers several reports with data generated by the database which may be useful for management reviewing larger picture issues. 
The last button on the main menu is Update technicians. When selected, it presents a form to the user which can be used to update, add, or delete a technician from the database. To update one, select a name from the drop down list, modify their information, and click accept. To enter a new one, select add technician, enter their information, and click accept. To delete one, select delete technician, select the technician you wish to delete, and click accept. 
